Update docs for dSYMs and flutter-symbols (#1533)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/flutter-symbols/README.md

export DATADOG_API_KEY="<API KEY>"
```

> You can configure the tool to use Datadog EU by defining the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable as `datadoghq.eu`. You also have to do this for sites other than US1. By default, the requests are sent to Datadog US1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, requests are sent to Datadog US1. It is possible to configure the tool to use a different site by setting the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable to the corresponding [site parameter][2].
```

Reviewer: And can you add the following link at the end of the file?

```md
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site
```

```bash

> # Non-US1 site setup
> export DATADOG_SITE="us5.datadoghq.com" # example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example environment setup for US5
export DATADOG_SITE="us5.datadoghq.com"
```
